# Quatro
Quatro is a nutrition app that allows users to track their nutrition, weight goals, and daily consumption habits with ease.

The Quatro fitness and nutrition application is a different way to go about your fitness and nutrition journey. While this application contains some of the standard things that most fitness and nutrition apps do, we have developed this app to contain a feature that most of these apps do not have, an integrated ChatBot. Using this ChatBot within the app you can find recipes, workouts, and many other things related to the goal that you are chasing in the app. Another thing that makes Quatro great for users is the seamless user experience. This application is designed to be simple and sleek, with all of the features being explainable just by looking at the page. We have accomplished this by not crowding the screen with too many buttons and also only explaining things in detail when need be. The navigation is fairly simple throughout the app with a bar on the left hand side of the app that shows everywhere that the user can go, such as the main dashboard, the ChatBot, a journal to log calories and workouts, and the profile page.  Another “feature” that makes this app different is there are no “premium features” in the app that are locked behind a paywall. Everything inside the app is free to the user. This product is exciting because of the sleek yet simple design, and the new possibilities that it presents the user as they go on their own fitness and nutrition journey.

## Prototype
https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fb12396f-46fa-4fec-b472-6046642c37cc
